= Description
   The win32-eventlog library provides an interface for reading from and
   writing to the MS Windows Event Log.

   In addition, you can create your own message event sources using the
   win32-mc library (provided with this distro), assuming you have the
   proper tools installed.

= Prerequisites
   Ruby 1.8.2 or later.
   windows-pr 0.9.3 or later.
   
   The 'mc', 'rc' and 'link' command line tools are required to create and
   install message sources. You won't need these for simply reading from or
   writing to an existing event log.

= Installation
   rake test (optional)
   rake install (non-gem) or rake install_gem (gem)

   This will install both the win32-eventlog and win32-mc libraries. The latter
   is strictly for turning .mc files into .dll files. See the mc documentation
   for more details.

= Installing the 'RubyMsg' event source
   If you wish to install the RubyMsg event source, run the 'install_msg.rb'
   script in the 'misc' directory.  This will create a 'rubymsg' directory
   under your toplevel Ruby installation directory (usually C:\ruby), and
   create the .dll, .h, .rc and .res files there, in addition to copying the
   rubymsg.mc file. It will then install the 'RubyMsg' event source into your
   registry.

   DO NOT MOVE THE DLL FILE ONCE IT IS INSTALLED!  If you do, you will have
   to delete the registry entry and reinstall it with the correct path.

   Take a look at the rubymsg.mc file for the category and message values. If
   you do not understand this, please read the 'tutorial.txt' file in the 'doc'
   directory.

= Additional documentation
   If you are unfamiliar with message files and event logging on Windows in
   general, please read the 'tutorial.txt' file.

   There are also a couple of sample test scripts under the 'examples'
   directory if you want to futz around and get a feel for how things work.

= If the tc_mc.rb tests fail
   There's a chance that you either don't have the mc, rc and/or link commands
   installed or they're not in your %PATH%. If you have MSVC++, you should have
   them somewhere on your system.

= Known Issues
   None known.

   Please file any bug reports on the project page at
   http://www.rubyforge.org/projects/win32utils.

= License
   Ruby's

= Warranty
   This package is provided "as is" and without any express or
   implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
   warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

= Authors
   Daniel J. Berger
   Park Heesob
